2.1 Data Types and Subschema Notation (#19)
iotaledger/IOTA-2.0-Research-Specifications: 2.1 Datatypes and Notations.md

# 2.1 Data Types and Subschema Notations
This section describes the *Data Types* and *Subschema Notations* that are used throughout the document.

## Data Types
| Name   | Description   |
| ------ | ------------- |
| uint8  | An unsigned 8 bit integer encoded in Little Endian. |
| uint16  | An unsigned 16 bit integer encoded in Little Endian. |
| uint32  | An unsigned 32 bit integer encoded in Little Endian. |
| uint64  | An unsigned 64 bit integer encoded in Little Endian. |
| ByteArray[N] | A static size array of size N.   |

> | ByteArray | A dynamically sized array. A uint32 denotes its length.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ByteArray | A dynamically sized array. Prefixed with a uint32 to denote its length.   |
```

> | string | A dynamically sized array of an UTF-8 encoded string. A uint16 denotes its length.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| string | A dynamically sized array of an UTF-8 encoded string. Prefixed with a uint16 to denote its length.   |
```

| time    | Unix time in nanoseconds stored as `int64`, i.e., the number of nanoseconds elapsed since January 1, 1970 UTC. |

> | Opinion    | A triple `(opinion, level, timeFormed)`, where opinion is a bool, level is a uint8 in the set {1,2,3}, and timeFormed is a time. |

Reviewer: Per the discussion in the meeting maybe this should be removed
